Parallel jobs on HPC cluster: `srun` versus `mpirun` submission commands (#2214)
ai2cm/fv3net: workflows/prognostic_c48_run/docs/local-execution.rst

        runfv3 append gs://path/to/failing/run

.. note::

>     An option "mpi_launcher" has been added to the subcommand "append". This option 
>     allows users to configure the segmented runs on High Perfromance Computing
>     systems and cloud platfroms. The supported values are "mpirun" and "srun".

Reviewer: I recommend putting `mpi_launcher` and `append` in backticks, so they will be formatted as code in the documentation (see the section on ["Inline markup" in the Sphinx documentation](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#inline-markup)).  I edited the text a bit too to be more specific about what this option does.
```suggestion
    An option ``mpi_launcher`` has been added to the subcommand ``append``. This
    option allows users to specify the system-specific MPI launcher used when running
    the model. By default it takes the value "mpirun", which is relevant for running
    in Docker. The only other currently supported value is "srun", which is relevant
    when running on SLURM-based High Performance Computing (HPC) systems. 
```

>     An example of runnning model with 5 segments on the cloud platform:
> 
>     for i in {1..5}
>     do
>        runfv3 append --mpi_launcher mpirun gs://bucket/prognostic_run
>     done

Reviewer: I think we do not necessarily need to cover this case, since it is covered above (using the default value for the option).
```suggestion
```

>     An example of running model with 5 segments on HPC cluster:
> 
>     for i in {1..5}
>     do
>        runfv3 append --mpi_launcher srun /absolute/file/path
>     done

Reviewer: This will ensure the example is formatted as a code block in the documentation (see [this section of the Sphinx documentation on "Literal blocks"](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#literal-blocks)):
```suggestion
    An example of running model with 5 segments on an HPC cluster::

        for i in {1..5}
        do
           runfv3 append --mpi_launcher srun /absolute/file/path
        done
```

specified local path and executes the model there. The command is used for
example by the tests.

.. note::
 

>    For the purposes of perfroming simulaitons on both cloud and HPC platfroms,
>    the subcommand run-native was supplemented with mpi_launcher option. Please see
>    the example below on how to use it on HPC cluster
> 
>    runfv3 run-native fv3config.yaml path/to/local/rundir --mpi_launcher srun

Reviewer: A few minor formatting / spelling edits here as well:
```suggestion
   For the purposes of performing simulations on both Docker and HPC platforms,
   the subcommand ``run-native`` was supplemented with the ``mpi_launcher``
   option. Please see the example below on how to use it on an HPC cluster::

       runfv3 run-native fv3config.yaml path/to/local/rundir --mpi_launcher srun
```
